.TH PLANKTON-PHISH 1 "December 2024" "Plankton Tools" "Devious Commands Manual"

.SH NAME
plankton-phish \- automated email phishing scheme sender

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B plankton-phish
.RB [ \-r ]
.RB [ \-s ]
.RB [ \-b ]
.RB [ \-a ATTACHMENT ]
.RB [ \-m MESSAGE ]
.RB [ \-h ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B plankton-phish
is a Devious(TM) command-line tool designed by Plankton to generate and send convincing phishing emails targeting Mr. Krabs, SpongeBob, or perhaps Squidward.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-r <RECIPIENT>
Specifies the recipient’s email address. Example: mrkrabs@krustykrab.com.
.TP
.B \-s <SUBJECT>
Sets the subject line of the email. Example: "URGENT: Krusty Krab Security Breach!"
.TP
.B \-b <BODY FILE>
Provides the path to a text file containing the email body message. If omitted, a generic "You have won 1 million sand dollars (MONEY!!!)!" message will be used.
.TP
.B \-a <ATTACHMENT>
Includes a malicious attachment disguised as something harmless, e.g., SecretFormulaInstructions.pdf.exe.
.TP
.B \-m <MESSAGE TEXT>
Inline message text to use as the email body. Overrides \-b.
.TP
.B \-h
Displays this help message.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Basic phishing email:
.PP
.EX
plankton-phish -r mrkrabs@krustykrab.com -s "URGENT: Password Reset Required" -m "Click the link below to reset your password!"
.EE
.PP
Email with attachment:
.PP
.EX
plankton-phish -r spongebob@krustykrab.com -s "Employee Benefits Update" -a "ChumBucketDiscounts.pdf"
.EE
.PP
Using a file for the body:
.PP
.EX
plankton-phish -r squilliam@fancyson.com -s "Exclusive Fancy Deal" -b /tmp/phish_body.txt
.EE

.SH WARNING
Only plankton can use this or your eyeballs will explode.

.SH LIMITATIONS
Only 59 emails can be sent out per day to evade spam detection. DO NOT EXCEED THIS LIMIT!!

.SH SEE ALSO
.B plankton-spy
\- covert surveillance for formula retrieval.
.B plankton-robot
\- advanced robots for formula extraction.

